JAVA QNS

What is the best practice in Java ?
What is Instance Variable ? Non Static global variable is called instance variable
When will use a static and non static variable ?  Non Static Variable allocates 
What is the difference between the Default and Protected ?  Within the project is Default ... Within the project and sub class is Protected
What is the difference between String Buffer and String Builder ?
What are the classes available inside Log4j ?
Write a program to print the count of the repeatable letters are there in the sentence WelcomeToIndia ?
Write a program to print the vowels available in the sentence WelcomeToIndia ?
What is a purpose of using This keyword ?
What is meant by super keyword?
Write an algorithm for FOR loop ?
What are the types of Constructors ?
What are the types of Polymorphism ? Compile Time Polymorphism and Run time Polymorphism 
How will you create an object for Abstract Class ? We cannot create an object for abstract class.
How will you read a data from text file ?
List out the Unchecked exceptions ?
What is the difference between Final, Finally and Finalize?
What is wrapper class ? Assigning object for a datatypes is called wrapper class.
What is the difference between HashMap and HashTable ? 
What is the difference between Linked List and Array List ?
How will you store a data in the Set ? Using Add method we will store the data in the Set
What is the difference between throwable and throw ?
How will you print the data in the Descending order ?
What is meant by multi inheritance ?
What is the difference between Pass by Value and Pass by Reference ?
What is meant by Singleton Object ?
What is Object Cloning ?
What is Getter and Setter ?
What is meant by Exception Propagation ?
How will you execute a JAR file ?
Write a program to print Only even numbers between 0 and 20
What is the difference between Sleep and Wait ?
How will you handle the property file ?
How will you print the unique values from Array without using Collections ?
What is the difference between File Reader and File Input Stream ?
What are the new features available in Java 1.8 ?
What is the difference between For and For Each ?
What is the difference between Break and Continue ?
What is the difference between i++ and ++i ?

WebDriver
How Will you identify a webelement whose attribute is dynamically changing ?
What is meant by Siblings ?
What is Anchestors ?
What is meant by following siblings and what is meant by preceding sibiling
What are String Functions ?
What are node set functions ?
What is the best locator to identify the Web Element ?  ID is the best locator
How will you identify a label ?
What is the purpose of OR operator  ? Globalisation.. Using the same variable when automating for multiple countries 
What is the syntax for identifying the element through ID?
What is meant by absolute CSS ?
How will you identify the element through DOM ?
How will you pass the System Date in the Date picker without using the external files?
What is meant by simple date format ?
What is the difference between Date and Calendar ?
What is desired capabilities in WebDriver ?
What is meant by listeners in Webdriver?
How will you handle dynamic webtable ?
How will you resize the browser window ?
What is WebElement ?
List some methods in WebDriver that uses function ovrloading?
How will you verify the application is completely loaded ?
What is the difference between Implicit Wait and Explicit Wait ?